README.md, before:

# RallypointOne Dashboard

[![Deploy to GitHub Pages](https://github.com/RallypointOne/Dashboard/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RallypointOne/Dashboard/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

A static dashboard that displays the status of all public repositories in the [RallypointOne](https://github.com/RallypointOne) GitHub organization.

**Live site:** [https://rallypointone.github.io/Dashboard/](https://rallypointone.github.io/Dashboard/)

## Features

- Dynamically fetches all public repos from the RallypointOne org via the GitHub API
- Shows per-repo: CI status, docs build status, latest release, issue counts (open/closed), docs site and coverage links
- Three views: **Table** (default), **Cards**, and **Compact**
- Filter by language and release status; sort by name, last pushed, or CI status
- Dark mode support via `prefers-color-scheme`
- Auto-refreshes every 5 minutes with session caching

## GitHub API Rate Limits

The dashboard uses unauthenticated GitHub API requests, which are limited to **60 requests per hour** per IP. A full dashboard load uses ~60 requests (1 for repos + ~20 each for workflows, releases, and issue counts).

If you hit the rate limit, wait for it to reset or reduce the number of repos by applying filters.

## Deployment

The site is deployed automatically to GitHub Pages via a GitHub Actions workflow on every push to `main`. No build step is required — the site is pure static HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Development

Open `index.html` in a browser to run the site locally. No dependencies or build tools needed.

Commit message:

Update README and add no-dashboard topic filter

README.md, after:

# RallypointOne Dashboard

[![Deploy to GitHub Pages](https://github.com/RallypointOne/Dashboard/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/RallypointOne/Dashboard/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)

A static dashboard for monitoring all public repositories in the [RallypointOne](https://github.com/RallypointOne) GitHub organization.

**Live site:** [https://rallypointone.github.io/Dashboard/](https://rallypointone.github.io/Dashboard/)

## Features

- CI and Docs workflow status with mini bar-chart timelines (last 15 runs)
- Latest release info (GitHub Releases + Julia General registry)
- Pending Julia package registration detection
- Open/closed issue counts
- Links to docs sites and Codecov coverage
- Three views: **Table** (default), **Cards**, and **Compact**
- Filter by release status; sort by name, last pushed, or CI status
- Repos grouped into **Julia Packages** and **Other** sections
- Dark mode via `prefers-color-scheme`

## How It Works

A build script (`scripts/build-data.js`) fetches data from the GitHub API using a `GITHUB_TOKEN` and writes everything to `data.json`. The front end is vanilla HTML/CSS/JS that reads `data.json` — no frameworks or build tools.

A GitHub Actions workflow runs the build and deploys to GitHub Pages on every push to `main` and hourly on a cron schedule.

## Excluding Repositories

To exclude a repository from the dashboard, add the **`no-dashboard`** topic to it on GitHub (repo page > gear icon next to "About" > Topics). Repos with this topic are filtered out during the data build step.

## Development

To run locally, generate `data.json` then open `index.html`:

```sh
GITHUB_TOKEN=ghp_... node scripts/build-data.js
open index.html
```
